What? Wrong? Wrong clothes.
I'm going to use my skills to record your disappearance
How can I find a trainer if you don’t want to wear clothes?
Unless you don’t want to know about it yourself
OK I believe brother
Let’s stop here today
What is it?
You have the brain of a leader
What is the hardest thing in the world to know about you?
It's me who's like this, it's a mystery
Only then can you establish this set of absolute masters. This is your absolute master.
I know, brother, what is my name?
Not available. My name is Dong Yingxue.
You are from the Dong family
you saved me
I will definitely ask you for the next item.
You are a member of the Dong family